Dear love, thanks for the amazing present... Nah, am i sending her this trash for real?

A petal falls from the roses

What is that? 

The petal says Hail the roses, praise the roses, look at the roses.

What? That must be a joke. Who would write something on a petal?

................................................

Nah, it's not important. I'll just throw it away.

Scene with the trash can when he throws the petal away

Another petal falls from the roses 

It says I see you chose secrecy... Shall we begin?

What? What is this?. What the hell is happening? It must be my somebody's joke.
But is seems so strange...

Tell mom-> Ok, i'm gonna tell mom about this. I'm sure she knows something about this.  
Don't tell mom-> Nah, i'm not gonna tell mom about this. I'll throw this away and forget about it.

Another petal falls from the roses in slow motion, then when it hits the table it produces an earthquake (the screen shakes)

What was that? Was that an earthquake? 

On the petal there is a face, a horrible face. 

As soon as i see that face, that horrid,suffocating face i feel like i'm gonna die.I can't breathe, why can't i breathe?

Try to run to mom->...What, why can't i move ......please,help me...i nee........i need help
Try to scream-> MOOOM, Help me, please help me, ....I can't produce any sound, its like my throat is blocked, please so...someone

Black screen

I wake up in my bed, sweating, my heartbeat is high but its starting to decrease. I look at the window....

The sunlight is slightly shining through the window, the roses are still there, but the petals are gone.

It was just a nightmare i guess, you hear your father closing the door to get to work, you know the alarm is about to ring, as usual. 

Another boring day at school, i should get ready. 

I wash my face, put on my clothes, and go downstairs.

I see my mom, she's making breakfast, she looks at me and smiles.

She says: Good morning, honey, how was your night?

Fine-> I slept well, thanks for asking mom. You look tired are you sure? Yes i'm fine do you kno where is my backpack? Yes i put it in the closet .I'll go get it bye. Bye, honey.
I had a nightmare-> I begin to tell her with a calm and nonchalant way .I had a nightmare, but i don't remember what it was about. I just remember that the roses were strange and that i couldn't breathe. Really? Yeah.. Come on it's getting late go get your backpack, i put it in the closet. I'll go get it bye. Bye, honey.

I am at school, again, uff, ill just need to wait until high noon and then i can go home and play some games school is boring as usual

Hey bro, hey what's up? I' so tired, I stayed up until 3 am playing League of Thrones. I'm barely able to keep my eyes open. I'm gonna go to the bathroom, I'll be right back.

The time seems to pass very slowly, i'm trying to stay focused on the blackboard, but the lesson is so boring, i wonder if taking some notes would help.
 
That's my favourite sound! Can't wait to go home, eat and then play some games.

You arrived home, you smell the amazing scent of grilled wurst, soon your gonna fill your stomach with that delicious food.

Hey mom is everything ok? 

Yeah i'm just a little bit tired because of work, i'm going to take a nap. Lunch is ready if you want to eat.

Ok thanks, it looks delicious. 

Good, now start to eat or it will get cold.

It is so tasty that you almost forget to chew; after some minutes you decide to turn on the tv.
They are showing the auction of a rare painting, you decide to watch it until you finish eating. You'll then go relax in your room.

You see the roses on the table and you sense something strange about them. Do they have to do with the nightmare you had last night? 

Do you want to move them away from your room? Yes-> I'm gonna put them in the kitchen , i'm not so comfortable with theem here. No-> I'm not gonna move them, i'm not that superstitious.

You sit in front of the pc and run the game you started a week ago. Just being in the main menu give you a heavenly relief and glory. You'll pass the next few hours playing this masterpiece.     

Black screen, you here a chair stomping on the floor, you decide to go check what's going on.

Where are the roses? Did mom take them and i didn't notice? 
You suddenly sense a feeling of guilty without an apparent reason.

Why are there so many petals on the floor 

Pick up a petal-> Red in this world only, read . Many eyes watch the red 

You see a petal on the floor, you pick it up and read it.

You begin to feel cold, you feel a shock in your spine, you slowly open the door

"Jump scare with the mother/rose 

Honey is that you? You will soon reach me in the garden, i'm waiting for you. Hail the roses.

crush their fucking skull and carve their eyes

Ok thanks mom



kill him him, kill him useless he is useless, destroy, and bring me his eyes ,i want more eyes , i am beautiful 